Configuration.md: Add link to rule set example file (#3218)
DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers: documentation/Configuration.md

Code analysis rule sets are the standard way to configure most diagnostic analyzers within Visual Studio. Information about creating and customizing these files can be found in the [Using Rule Sets to Group Code Analysis Rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) documentation on docs.microsoft.com.

> Here is an example `.ruleset` file from the Roslyn SDK: https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-sdk/blob/3e94c5fe1ee981a885c34e2e39383bc4420f2557/RoslynSDK.ruleset. This file illustrates how the severities for individual rules can easily be configured as needed.

Reviewer: 💡 This should link to [StyleCopAnalyzersDefault.ruleset](https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers/blob/master/StyleCop.Analyzers/StyleCop.Analyzers.CodeFixes/rulesets/StyleCopAnalyzersDefault.ruleset)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example rule set file containing the default StyleCop Analyzers configuration is available at <https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers/blob/master/StyleCop.Analyzers/StyleCop.Analyzers.CodeFixes/rulesets/StyleCopAnalyzersDefault.ruleset>.
```

Author: Good point, even better that way. :+1: :bow:
